Majnu (2016)
Alcohol consumption and smoking is injurious to health.
Now should I say it in Telugu?
Majnu
Camera roll, background action.
Jimmy
Action!
Horse entry.
Soldiers enter.
The hero enters.
Aditya, say the dialogues.
Let someone else do it ..
Why should I say ...
How can I be so special?
Tell a dialogue of this movie.
Spectators are not allowed on the battlefield.
Whoever took this sword ....
Without permission .... permission ....
Here it must be said correctly.
Aditya, come here.
Sir.
- Do you know what the dialogue was like?
Thank you sir.
The people of our village say the same thing.
That I'm a natural actor sir.
I like to manage. Please do not insist.
Go and talk to the actors, where is Prabhas?
In the car, sir.
Tamanna?
- In the car, sir.
Tamanna is in the car, sir.
Don't try to show me this nonsense of yours.
Go talk to the actors.
I didn't say shake my head, go ....
Shots ready,
Hey, the shots are ready.
Shall I remove these, sir?
No, it doesn't have to be.
Ah! Get ready.
Hey! How much longer? Shots ready, send them quickly.
Hello!
- Come on, come on, save me.
Otherwise, these thugs will kill me today.
Where's the thug?
Not going to meet a girl?
What happened?
Will discuss that later.
If you haven't come now, you must come to burn my body.
They are always ...
Well, send your location to WhatsApp.
- All right.
Where is my car?
- I don't know, brother.
Reached the destination?
Hey, don't leave.
Cut!
If it is 'cut', it is not leaving.
The chariot of arm sacrifice from Bahubali.
- Yeah, same bro.
Seeing their reaction, it seems they are crazy movie fans.
Then let's handle the case without sweating.
Fighting is not always important in shooting.
Who? Where are they? Where?
We needed four at the last minute, didn't we?
Where are they?
Which four?
They.
With Prabhas in the last part.
Will they work?
Hmmm, when they chased me,
They were screaming and running well.
Sona Sood, Sudip, Om Puri are calling these characters and shaking their heads.
Om is dead, isn't he?
Ah that was Amaresh Puri?
Boss, are you a relative of MGR?
Bahubali is the assistant director of cinema.
Rajmouli sir can not be our own?
Hey!
Do you know who wore the yellow dhoti of Bahubali?
Prabhas wears a yellow dhoti while in the film.
Does anyone know why Katappa killed Bahubali?
I know? .... You know? ... You know?
He knows ... Who was the protagonist of the movie 'Makshi'?
He.
It's been a long time.
- No, it didn't.
Boss, give us a chance to act in Bahubali.
No need to give a character like Prabhas, boss.
Your hair is beautiful, you can be taken in the role of heroine.
Excuse me, and tell me who was chasing you?
Boss
Not so much, he was violating his limits.
- What's the limit?
- It's fine, boss.
Is that so?
- Hmm, that's right.
All right, come on.
What can you do?
Fight, boss.
- Can you fight?
- Hmm.
Very good!
Let's see!
- Come on.
- Come back.
Brother, give me two.
Hey, what are you doing?
There was a storm.
Boss!
Wasn't it like a storm?
- Yes, boss.
Was like '96 with a Russian angle bro.
What was the Russian angle?
I see everyone is an expert in cinema. Let's go.
What is this?
- Fight, boss.
Have you been fighting for so many years?
Everything should look normal.
Got it? All right.
That's the decent thing to do, and it should end there.
Hey! Be careful.
Yes, Mr. Kiroyani will not leave.
Hey, the director of the song ... the director of the song, look.
For a long time, they were beaten
Let's stop now.
Hey, hey, hey!
Stop.
Very good. I was very impressed.
- Keep in touch.
- Boss, give me the phone number.
I will contact if necessary.
Let's go.
- Goodbye bro.
- Take care.
- Nice fight.
Okay, it took this long, time to go.
You go, I was following that girl.
If you come with me, I'll have courage, please.
Must be a little lighter.
Where is the girl?
Look, the real movie has started.
Why are you looking at him like this?
Like a morning show's start, very nice.
Okay do whatever you want.
I like that girl. I followed her.
Thanks bud.
You're a real friend.
Now you have to write a good story about this beautiful girl.
I need to know the details about this girl, I will write it.
It works in our office.
Shall I find out?
- I mean, sir.
- Who are you?
My name is Ramkuti.
I live in Kinkutti.
Learn one, but do another.
My goal is to find a millionaire anyway.
What's the matter
Sir, I am Madam Jhuma's driver.
If you google about madam,
Then you can't hear better from me.
Please tell ..
500 rupees?
What's retail? This is not 500 notes.
In fact,
Our madam loves to hear love stories.
But do not believe in love,
- Don't believe it?
- Not at all.
When someone falls in love with Madame,
Madame climbed him on her feet.
Do not give the opportunity to bow in front of anyone.
Hey,
Your madam doesn't have a boyfriend?
No, no.
Love is impossible for Madam Jhuma.
Sir, don't waste your time.
I wanted to know the details, I didn't want to hear your instructions.
Now I will handle it.
Go.
Sir, sir, try to understand.
If you give 1 thousand more, I will tell the details.
Otherwise you will face many more problems.
- Uh?
- You just want more money?
- Yes, Yes
In the meantime, he has started composing his story.
Now the story will change with the character.
Three days later, your madam will come and love my friend. Wait.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
I'm waiting for you
You look like a girl I know.
What's the girl's name?
- Priya.
- Then I'm not her, thank God.
Your eyes are very beautiful.
It was a good try,
But I am not interested in all this.
Sorry.
Your voice is beautiful too.
Hello. I'm not interested.
What? You didn't like that?
I have Prabhas, Mahesh all in me,
Still you don't like?
What am I missing?
There is no brain inside the head.  What else?
Main road was congested, you're already here.
Ordered food?
Your brother? What's he doing here?
Hi, brother in law.
My brother in law is angry. you're welcome
Do you want thanks now?
So why are you sitting here?
If I leave you will be alone. But brother in law will not leave you alone.
Well, then what are your next plans?
I want to be friends and enjoy your company.
Okay.
My name is Aditya and I am an assistant director of cinema.
Do I have to tell you my name and details now?
No need. You don't have to talk.
- Thank you very much.
- Your name?
You just said I didn't have to tell you my name.
You don't have to tell the truth, you can lie.
Shall I lie?
I'll find out from your girlfriend.
My name is Kareena Kapoor.
My friends call me Saif.
Hobby?
Walking the streets during the day,
And talking to people like you ..
Much more.
Your smile is very beautiful.
Don't take it for granted.
- Your girlfriend is coming.
-Yes.
Nice to meet you, thank you.
You have to tell the truth.
- What truth?
- Your name is Jhuma.
Your phone number is 9885027683.
Your hobbies are watching movies and listening to music.
How do you know all this?
I know a lot more about you.
Tomorrow evening is your girlfriend Nisha's birthday party.
You go there, and it ends at 9:30.
Then we will meet at the same hotel.
Then I will tell you everything.
Hi, Kirthi! Nice to meet you
Hey, your smile is really beautiful.
Goodbye Jhuma.
Goodbye Kirthi.
Who is he?
How do you know me
Did you come here to find out?
Don't think yourself so clever, okay?
And said you will come at 9:30, what time is it now?
To surprise you, I was preparing myself a little ...
In such short time how will you impress me?
That's why I told you to come here today,
Tell me all the details about me.
Do you have a girlfriend
Had one.
Not now?
All right. Let's hear your love story.
Once you know someone's name, then what does he do, where does he live?  Then you ask the love story.
I want to know about your character, that's why.
So I want to know your love story.
You ask for something other than that, I'll tell you.
Don't talk too much, just say what you want to say.
Well, what's the problem?
Take a small bet?
Bet?
In this we will play a game which means we will ask seven questions ...
Can't answer correctly,
All wrong answers must be given.
If you win I will tell my love story.
- Well, let's play.
-  What if you lose?
What happens?
I have to do what I say.
All right.
First question ...
How many eyes do you have?
Four.
How many feet?
Are you human
No, Alien.
What strange answers. What are you doing?
- People are eating.
- How many questions did I ask?
Four questions about it.
Sure?
Yes.
- Four.
- Sure, sure?
Oh shit. I told you the right answer.
Drink tequila.
I can't.
You lose, drink.
- Happy now?
- Come on.
- Come quickly.
- Where are you going?
Here.
What is this?
It starts now.
Flash mob.
Where are they?
Seeing your dance, everyone ran away.
- Why are you beating me?
- I have to hit you some more. Stop.
Listen.
Hey, you didn't tell Jhuma that I was your friend.
When she sees me here,
She will kill me.
Hello!
- Brother, I'm brother,
- Which brother?
Brother Ganesh.
Hey, I don't know any such Ganesha,
How do I know his brother?
Brother, I ...
Brother, you said give us a chance to act,
When to pay?
Who gave me my number?
We came to the office.
You went to work,
I came a long time ago.
From today everyone will come, start ...
Shooting 'Shooting' ...
Can you say dialogue properly?
Say dialogue, we can say.
Guru ...
What did you say? What did you say?
Can a lower race compete with a higher caste?
Bad idea?
It is an assessment of heroism, not a social status.
Or is it a caste assessment?
When was your father Bardwaj born,
Even more unjust to be born into this world,
You were born and raised, what is your caste?
Our great ancestor Shantanamudu,
Wasn't he the son of Ganga?
What was his caste?
You have to say it.
Guruji, what did you say? What did you say?
Can a lower race compete with a higher caste?
What a bad idea.
What did he say?
It is an assessment of heroism, not a social status.
Or is it a caste assessment?
When was your father Bardwaj born?
Brother, this dialogue is a little difficult.
Make it a little easier.
You don't say? Keep rehearsing the dialogue
and audition again, ok?
They will eat me.
Hey! Kasi!
Did your throat get sore?
Hi!
What are you doing here
Kasi is my close friend, so I came to see him.
Hi!
-You!
That means you are about me ....
He did it all.
No, I'm not.
Jhuma, Jhuma, Jhuma.
Let's have lunch together tomorrow.
Come home tomorrow morning,
Then go for breakfast, lunch, dinner and a bottle.
Well, that's fine.
- Are you angry?
No, I'm furious.
No, this time without any excuse I will tell you my complete love story.
Are you sure what you are saying? I need proof.
Evidence?
I will give proof.
Where to meet?
In the lounge tomorrow,
I can't go tomorrow, I have to go to the office.
Hey Kasi
- I came on time right?
- Great.
You asked me to bring evidence.
Superb.
Now you tell your love story.
Looking forward to it,
Tell me!
Where to start ...
Start from anywhere.
Four years ago ...
Vimavaram. (city) Friends gave a party.
I got a job at Infosys when I finished my engineering studies.
The family is very happy.
Do you know Kasi? My childhood friend
my best friend forever.
I think I will go to Bangalore and have a lot of fun.
Then everything was fine, what I wanted is happening.
But that day,
Little did I know that my life was about to take a new turn.
Is this true ...!
Move!
lyrics
Move ... Move.
Hey, Adi!
Get up.
This ... blood!
- Please, sorry.
lyrics
- Are you alright?
- Uncle, sorry sorry.
He was learning to ride a bike for the first time.
What uncle?
Did you get this time to ride a bike?
See how much it hurts.
Wasn't there gear for you?
Come on, let's go to the hospital.
... hey!
Tell this girl to go too.
You sit in the car, I won't leave so easily.
Hey, you get in the car.
lyrics
Doctor ... Doctor ...
This compounder, call the doctor.
Here I am the doctor.
Sorry sir.
Unfortunately, looking at your face, I thought you were a compounder.
What? Fighting?
No, he was injured in an accident.
Dad, you said he was hurt.
Why is he smiling when he is hurt?
Is he crazy?
Did your head hurt somewhere?
See how he looks at me.
You hurt his hand.
So let it be.
The patient must be admitted first,
You have to deposit 12000 rupees at the counter.
Have 5000 in hand and the bill is 12000 rupees?
You have to pay everything.
Sorry, we don't really have the money.
If I had known there would be injury, I would have left my bike at home.
Ah, otherwise you would have killed people on the street like this.
Uncle, I am a young man.
Well, take care of him.
I went to get money.
Take care of yourself.
I love you
Nothing happened, I'll give you an injection, you'll feel tired and be fine.
Are you ok now
Where is that girl?
Which girl?
The girl who hit me.
Ah, that girl. She is gone.
Did you take his number?
Do you know his name?
Why?
Are you in love?
If you say it before,
Then I would keep his complete information.
The girl got lost in the sun, and left me in the dark.
Leaving Bangalore, Infosys for him
I started looking for her.
My mother, who never made fun of me,
did today.
Dad, whoever yells at me all the time
He stopped talking.
Anyway, I stopped drinking
and searched for her.
I went around the city for the girl,
And I realized how big the city!
But I could not find the girl.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning
Sit down ...! Sit down ...! Sit down ...!
Give me the textbook.
The new teacher's voice is beautiful, isn't it?
If someone like that teaches,
Then the class cannot be held for long.
Well, that's fine. Let's start with the C program.
As we already know,
The work of a computer can only be done by binary code.
Let's say I want you to do work in a particular way.
You have to use their language you understand.
To understand C, you need to look at its subjugation first.
Number one.
See, sir.
Windows systems, windows 9 ectetera.
I want all of you to note down what I have explained till now.
What is happening Aditya?
I missed you so much, sir.
If you remember him, go to the teachers' room and meet him.
Is it necessary to go to the classroom and teach?
There was no one in the classroom, sir ...
So, you will teach in this way empty handed?
Now the headmaster's chair is empty, will you sit down?
Sir, sir, sir you are losing your mental balance.
Aditya, when you came to college,
So there are rules and regulations.
However, your teaching skills are very good.
Thank you, sir.
Is it, sir?
Are you recruiting him for teaching?
Nothing like that, sir.
If he wants, he can join as a junior lecturer.
However, you complain all day long.
When I said it was going to be more, you might as well increase the salary
And encourage.
I never thought you would ruin my job like that.
Don't worry, sir.
You also have other tuitions.
Aditya come quickly, and come and join us.
Sir, you can't even think,
How much you have benefited me.
I always support you.
Thank you sir.
Your salary is 10000 rupees.
10000, thank you sir.
All right.
Finally the principal of this college gave you permission. to love
and 10,000 salary.
- Good morning, sir.
- Good morning.
Why aren't you greeting?
Good morning, you go.
Ah, you're a teacher now, aren't you?
My class time has started.
You entered my heart,
But why do I leave whenever I see
You walk all night, you tell me sweet stories ..!
But why are you leaving, when I come in the morning!
Don't draw.
Don't draw!
Don't kill me, in that beautiful face of yours,
Don't laugh!
Don't deceive me with your beautiful smile, darling!
You entered my heart,
But why go away whenever I see,
Don't you know how to encourage our players?
Clap your hands
Your false gaze made me think
Don't look at me when I'm in front of you ...!
When I come back, look at you again,
Thousands of love messages in my heart!
Look at it with one eye and then with two eyes, then you will understand everything!
You entered my heart,
But why go away whenever I see !!!
Why can't we sit together?
- Your mustache is dirty,
- Ah, leave it out.
Definition of function,
Who says?
- Sir!
- Put your hands down.
Who says, you say?
Sir, why do you always ask girls?
Is it wrong for boys to answer?
A human being has two brains.
Left side, right side.
The right brain is for creativity
The left side is for argument.
Creativity enhances rationality.
And lack of logic increases creativity.
What are you missing now?
Of rationality.
- What did I get?
- Creativity.
Got it? Now shut up and sit down.
Anyone else have any questions?
- No, sir.
- All right?
Whose name are you writing on the pages of this book?
Flying leaves tell me!
That bright lip of yours also goes around.
Will never leave me, so why so soon?
Your shadow over me, keep that you ...
This look enhances you, this shyness of yours
Ah, what a shame, in that face of yours.
No matter how much you hide it, I'll find it!
If you don't talk to me, I will know more about you!
I will know.
I understand the meaning behind your eyes.
I found the secret of your laughter, dear.
Are you getting in line behind girls?
Go to the classroom.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning ... sit down! Sit down!
What do you lack today?
Fiance sir.
Fiance?
What did you say?
What are you thinking ...
Not interested in studying, but interested in all this ...
A girl named Varalakshmi lived next door to us,
Who was as fickle as you.
It takes seven years to pass engineering.
Stop this, shut up, sit down.
Didn't you come to college today?
Who is this?
Mom, this is our college teacher.
- May I have a glass of water, Auntie?
- Yes, I do.
The fiance has arrived?
Sir, that's what she said.
I mean, you know what I came to college for?
- I know.
- You know what?
I know C language.
Got it.
I understand, you understand.
So, nobody is here?
- No one, sir.
- Who lives here?
It's mom, nobody else.
Got it.
Got it too.
Auntie, the water was delicious.
Well, that's fine.
Can you move a little?
Tomorrow morning, same time, same place.
Stay away from her.
Why did he tell you to go at the right time?
You're coming to college tomorrow morning.
- What happened?
- The scooter is being repaired.
Come on.
No, I'll walk.
Okay, then I'll walk too.
Why are you following me?
I suspect you're deliberately saying your scooter is bad.
What a shame, especially today.
Nothing like that.
Auto.
You are right.
It is better to walk on that foot.
I have no money, you pay.
All the elders follow him,
Why in the auto today?
The scooter has broken down.
Sir, why in the auto?
The car broke down.
Don't understand?
Wait seven years.
Today is a romantic day.
I have to talk today.
This Devathi,  Devi and the girl in the yellow dress ..
You go in and sit down and I will talk.
Get get going.
Devathi.
Sir!
Did you think I didn't know?
I know everything.
Sir, sir don't call my father.
That means something has happened.
Okay, okay, don't do it again.
Go.
This devil is still there.
Devi.
I'll talk to you later.
Devathi is very sad, so go and see.
Go and see.
Can I start?
What happened?
Ever since I came to college, no one has given me a chance to look.
People around here.
That's why I had to do that.
I'm going.
The fundamentals of C and C++
Do you understand?
Mr. Janardhan Rao,
Now is the time for your tuition,
So, what are you doing here? Go
I am helping out a student.
I see that.
When we talk about tuition,
Then there is no importance.
When you have a problem, you explain it to the student.
I have never seen such a thing in my life.
When you came home yesterday,
The mother asked, "How did he become a teacher at such a young age?"
"Is he really a teacher?"
Auntie has intelligence.
Then ..
say the truth.
Why not?
I know ...
Export this equation in A minus C minus E is equal to.
In your house ...
In college we are not independent,
So we'll meet at the ice cream shop tomorrow at 10:30.
See you at the ice cream shop at Gita Shopping Market at 10:30.
- I'm not coming.
- Thanks.
- Tomorrow morning.
- I'm not coming.
- 10:30 a.m.
I'm not coming.
- See you bye.
-  I'm not coming.
Coming soon?
You two keep talking, we'll meet.
Hi!
How long will I wait?
Sorry, it's too late ...
You know, it's nice to hear you say, "I've been waiting for you for a long time."
Can't wait any longer?
Well, pineapple is my favorite.
What happened, who?
Don't look back, he's my brother.
Brother, I mean brother in law...
He notices my scooter and that's it.
He left.
Damn ashes!
He wandered from village to village till midnight and after that he was not seen.
I have many limitations in this life.
In fact, why am I not born a boy?
Because I was not born a girl,
What would I do if you were born a boy?
Don't joke
What happened?
When I go out
Every half-hour will call and ask where are you?
One hour will remind you to say "be careful".
If I don't get home in 5 minutes,
Then the parents will start preaching.
One hour.
There are 15 minutes ...
There is still a lot of time, nothing will happen.
Leave it at that ...
I fly like a bird and go somewhere.
I have to go.
Shall I come with? Quickly in my car ...
On your bike? I'm not coming ...
If anyone in the house sees me, I have finished studying engineering, goodbye.
Not that,
Hello! What happened again?
Thus,
To find out what's going on at home.
What will happen? An hour late,
I'll be back in half an hour.
Ahhh! ok.
Let's meet tomorrow.
Tomorrow? What's tomorrow?
Tomorrow is Rambabu's son's birthday.
Who is he?
One teacher said, I am.
I'm going to hang up, try to get some sleep.
Really, I'm not lying.
This is really my birthday tomorrow.
Come to college early tomorrow and wish me.
All right? Goodbye.
Goodbye!
- Won't you say bye?
- Bye bye.
Mom!
Happy birthday
Thanks, where is my gift?
It's a big thing that I'm here.
Come on, I'll surprise you.
What?
Nothing so amazing.
Get on the bike.
- And college?
- skip.
What if the mother comes from home to find?
How would she?
You're in college now, and you'll be in college until college is over, I'll take care of it.
How do you know what you're doing at the moment?
- No one knows?
- Of course not.
Put the fear in your bag,
And the bag is inside it.
What happened?
Thanks Adi, this day was the best of my life.
It was more than a dream to become a bird and fly somewhere.
You showed me such a beautiful world.
I will never forget this day.
Thank you so much.
Hello!
Aditya!
What is going on between us?
You don't know?
I understand Aditya, for which I am afraid.
I do not understand what is wrong and what is right.
I can't find the answer to this question ...
I will give you this letter.
There is something inside this book.
Read that
Excuse me Aditya.
I want to talk to you.
Read Chapter 24, I'm coming.
All right.
What happened today?
Anyone who is always afraid to talk ...
Today went straight to the teachers' room.
I love you, Aditya.
I fell in love with you before I gave you the letter.
But after reading this,
I understand how much you love me
I never thought I would love someone.
I never thought anyone would love me more than me.
From this moment on I want nothing in this world.
It doesn't matter if my family knows about it.
Let everyone say whatever they want.
Just you will be enough, Aditya.
I love you
You are enough for me, I love you.
Very nice.
But,
What was written in the letter?
Aditya!
Are you okay?
The day I saw you,
The day I was born again.
Because from then on, I started to think,
A life before you come,
There was nothing special in my life before you came.
Ever since you came, every moment of my day has seemed fascinating.
Until now, I had hoped for something big in my life.
But now I want to walk holding your hand.
When you laugh and the fight stops for love,
I will be able to face any war then for the sake of laughter.
It is impossible to say how much I will earn in the future.
But every day I will try to keep happy from the last moment.
I will give you strength from behind,
I will carry you from the front and take you through the problem.
You will take care you like a mother.
I don't know how much to win in life,
But I can go any distance for you.
I will cross any sea,
I can climb any sky,
Because you are my life.
I can't imagine a moment without you.
You are my life, and this life is in my hands now.
Do as you wish. Yours, Aditya.
Why did you call me, Jhuma?
Aditya loved so much,
What happened between them?
This ...
Why are they different?
I was the reason for their separation.
Were you
And a year has passed since their love,
Why so late?
Sorry I was late due to Kasi.
Look, Kasi.
How long have I been waiting?
One minute,
Hey Kasi.
Hey, let's watch a movie.
I'll be there.
She loved Aditya very much.
He did not want Aditya to hang out with me.
I have a job in Bangalore.
Listen to me, don't do this job without hands, a package for 10 lakhs.
Don't waste your life with this love.
You've already wasted 1 year.
Hi! How are you
I want to talk to Aditya, not you.
Goodbye, see you in the evening.
Why didn't you tell me?
I have no focus on work.
I didn't say anything your friend said.
What do you mean
He says your life is being ruined because of me.
He didn't mean that.
I know what he means.
You shouldn't miss this job.
Go to Hyderabad.
I don't like
I want to stay here.
Because you want to be with me?
And you want to sit with him every day and drink wine?
What are you talking about?
You promised me not to smoke? So what is this today?
Tried to quit.
I smoke very little.
You're here because of me,
But will not do what I say?
Isn't it?
That day, what happened,
He is my friend
If you come again I will kill and crush.
Why are you doing this?
What happened? Why are you bleeding?
- What are you doing here?
- Tell me what happened?
A small quarrel ...
What's the blood in a small fight?
What's the matter?
Kasi falls in love with a girl, when his man arrives ...
Love trap?
Anyway, what does that matter to yoU?
He is my friend
Ah, yes friend, there is no friend other than these donkeys?
Hey, I'm not in the mood right now, get out of here.
I'm not going, I'm not in the mood.
Do you want him or me? Decide now.
Hey, let's go.
Aditya was his world.
But to Aditya, he was bigger than the earth.
The girl couldn't stand it.
I understand. You've already decided, right?
Yes.
I'm leaving.
I want friends, not you.
Happy? Peace of mind?
Do whatever you want.
I'm done with you.
Aditya has tried to explain a lot to her
But none of it worked.
No ...
Just talk once
He loved the girl so much that he couldn't stand it.
Aditya ...
Don't worry, I'm not here to apologize.
I'm saying goodbye.
I came to this college just for you.
From this village just for you.
If i don't need you
Then I have no need for this village and college.
You are happy here.
I won't bother you.
Needless to say,
Why did you come into my life?
If I knew that day you would break my heart,
When you hit my arm, I thought you might hit me too.
I don't know how I fell in love with you.
I decided,
I don't want you anymore
I will go far away from you.
Where you can neither see nor hear me
That's why I don't want any opinion from you.
Goodbye
That day he moved to Hyderabad.
No matter how much he changes,
Yet he could not forget the girl.
Losing everything, he started getting drunk.
Then he,
Start watching movies,
Eventually, he was hired as an assistant director in the film industry.
Again, he liked you.
For which I had to make a sacrifice.
What?
I said, this is a different story.
Where is Aditya now?
Congratulations! You're a finalist in love.
Yeah I told her your love story, breakup, and everything else.
She was looking for you, why is your phone off? When he was calling you.
I made a mistake.
- What's wrong?
- Shut up.
Hey, Aditya, where are you?
Tell me what I'm asking, where are you?
I'm at the train station, I have something to tell you.
No Jhuma ...
Aditya, I have to park the car, talking later, okay?
Jhuma, Jhuma, you stay there, I'm coming.
- What happened?
- Come on.
What are you talking about?
Yes, Jhuma is just an attraction, not love.
What is this? What will Jhuma say after hearing this?
I will say, I still love Kiran
What?
That's right I love Kiran. I want her.
I was in a hurry. If I could control myself for another 4 days, her anger would subside.
I made a mistake, now I'm going to convince her.
- Will he understand?
- I don't know.
I will do everything I need to do.
Hey
Aditya.
I love you, Aditya.
My feelings for you,
I can't express.
You are very special, Aditya.
I fell in love with you
Ah, sorry.
Meet my boyfriend Aditya.
This is my cousin Kiran.
Hi!
Hmmm ... hello!
Sorry madam, you left when I arrived.
Didn't come when I left.
Don't try to be cunning.
- Go, get their bags.
- All right.
What's going on?
You still don't understand what's going on,
Kiran Jhuma came in the car and then at Jhuma's house,
Come on Aditya, let me introduce you to my parents.
Suddenly ...
Yes.  I was late to confess my love for you.
But I was too happy not to tell my family.
They want to meet you. Let's go.
- Mom!
- I can't ... I'm gone
Where are you going? Come on in.
No.
Kiran!
Kiran.
Kiran how are you?
Yes, good.
How are your parents
Good.
Why did you ask me?
Sir, you are great.
Changed the story well.
Little did I know that the story would turn out so beautifully.
Well, I'll take care of your story.
Come on, no one will see.
Hello.
- Mom, Dad
- Hello.
This is Aditya,
- Hello
- Welcome.
Nice to meet you.
Jhuma says everything about you.
- Come on in.
- Please Come in.
Come on,
- Coming,
- Come on Aditya.
Come on.
- Eat
- Take this.
We're leaving,
Hey, what is this? It's too late, eat dinner.
Not today ...
Another day ...
No.The first time you came to our house, not feeding you would be wrong.
Feel at home. I'll be back. Come on Mom.
Please feel comfortable.
- Is he a groom?
- Yes, yes.
Come on, come on ...
What is this?
Do I look like a groom or like Dipzol?
Don't worry
Don't worry, I'm scared.
Why?
Inside, two sisters are talking about you ...
How do you think Aditya is a good man?
How did I say that?
And do you know about Aditya?
Say good or bad, he is very good.
He told me everything,
His love, his life.
He is really genuine.
When I start a relationship with boys, I realize ...
Everyone can be, but not Aditya.
- Don't you think it's weird?
- I understand.Kiran
You once had a love story, didn't you?
He left you, didn't he?
Aditya not the same as the guy you knew.
I love his honesty.
I'm showing you something
- What is she showing?
My letter.
There will be chaos again.
The girl who left him you love him so much?
That girl was an ass.
Aditya doesn't want to think about that girl now.
And then she gets stressed, she tells her love story.
Ours now, hi!
Hi!
-Hi
-Hi!
What are you doing?
Come on, come on, I was going to talk to you.
- Dinner is ready. Sit down.
Aditya, Kiran was asking about you,
You look upset, why?
No, I mean ... I don't want to tell everyone my past.
Jhuma, after we told you the past, we realized,
How much you love Jhuma.
Which is why we accepted it,
Shit! This will end my marriage ..
Yes, of course.
Careful.
The vegetables are very good.
- Dad,
- Yes, dear.
Aditya tells me his love story,
Now I have to talk about my past too.
What is this for now? Eat
Why not now?
Why now, dear?
No, I have to say now.
I don't know what's good or bad,
But I am trying to be honest with Aditya.
Aditya, I had a love like you ...
But there are some shortcomings.
Two years ago I fell in love with Ragu.
We were made for each other, I thought.
I also had the opportunity fulfill my dream to go to an American university,
But I didn't want to go to America without him,
I didn't let parents know,
I tore up the University letter.
He did not go to the village on his vacation.
I got a job in the US, which started in March.
I know Ragu,
When I got a chance at an American university,
I was not happy then.
It's up to you, Jhuma.
You are rich, I am not rich.
I have a family that depends on me,
I have to go to America for that.
Yes.
You go to America, I'll wait for you.
- Are you happy now?
- No, Jhuma.
- I can't go to America.
- Why? Tell me.
Because if you want to go to America, you have to deposit 20 lakh rupees in the bank.
Who will pay so much money?
Why are you saying this? I will give.
I'll take the money from you! No, I can't, Jhuma.
You and I are no different,
Lying to parents, borrowing from people ...
I sent him to America.
Hello Jhuma, did you not say that Ragu is in America?
Yes, in California.
No Jhuma, he is cheating on you.
He lives here in front of our sister's house in Bangalore.
He lives with a woman.
I couldn't believe what he was saying.
So all the emails and phone calls that Ragu gave me were lies?
To find out the truth I went to confront him.
Baby you go ahead, I'll come later.
- Hey Jhuma!
- Hi, Ragu!
Where are you
Just got out of the office, you know how cold it is here?
Ehh, let's just say I've been here.
All right, I'll be right back.
Is this your California?
- Calm down.
- And, leave this.
Bad character, are you cheating on me?
When her mood is bad,
Then I realized how much she was hurt.
She was deceived.
After a struggle, she felt better.
How many times have you seen a doctor? How many times have you prayed?
Mom, stop.
All this happened to Aditya.
Now you clearly understand, don't you?
I understand the past but he understands the future better.
Jhuma, I have something to tell you.
That's it ....
- What happened?
- I hit.
What were you asking him?
Where can he find such a good girl?
She is very happy with your work, yes.
Ah!
- Say yes
- Yes.
It's been a long time. I feel very relieved.
She is really happy.
And swallow you with this joy.
Ah, you forgot to talk while eating kaza.
Pure milk has been brought for you.
That's why I had to stop eating.
Do we really like to eat kaza?
Look at this
This is huge.
I have eaten a lot of kaza.
Hey, why did you stop me?
Why didn't you let me tell the truth?
Then they would wash in the street, then people would come to stop.
If that happened then I would take a fork and kill you.
Mom, Mom ...
Where did you find him?
Yes, I am ...
Sir.
If you paid  1,000 that day,
Then today you would know why you have to suffer this.
I mean, it all knows ...
For this 1000, will our lives be so cluttered?
That's why we're in this predicament?
I'm giving you all my money. Tell me all the information about Kiran
Let me know quickly,
Kiran? Kiran or Jhuma, what's the difference?
I will bring success to your love.
But our necks are stuck,
- Hey!
- Listen,
Now I have to tell you what happened to Kiran.
Either way I'm bringing Kiran, you don't talk,
Will you
Hey, he didn't talk to you, he told me
wait here.
- I want to tell you something.
- What else do you have to say?
Aren't you ashamed
Did you show that letter to everyone?
Kiran, please listen to me.
I'm not here to hear you.
Don't tell Jhuma that I am the girl you fell in love with in college.
How can I tell Jhuma about this?
I can't tell Jhuma the truth.
Haven't you heard his love story?
Please do not return him to his previous position.
I will tell him when the time comes.
You don't have to tell him anything, you understand?
Now I'm talking to you ...
If you try to tell him,
You can't see me
Remember.
What's the situation now?
See?
She's still angry with me,
Doesn't that mean she still loves me?
That's it.
There is a lot of work, we have to go.
Goodbye!
Hey, I forgot to say.
We are going to Mumbai today.
Mumbai, for what?
Kiran has an interview in Mumbai.
We don't really have a job either,
Can i come with you
You really want to go?
What happened to her, Jhuma?
What's the matter? Give this bag here.
Not now, at noon.
At noon?  Take the bag.
Aditya, let's take a selfie.
Smile a little
I'm posting it on Facebook,
See Kiran, how is it?
Nice..
I'll just come.
See? How much does she expect from you?
Don't disappoint her.
I'm not here for Jhuma, I'm here for you.
I will do everything until you accept me.
Kiran, I made a mistake by leaving you.
Forgive me
When I came to you,
That's when I see you at the station.
Stop it, you forget everything and love Jhuma, okay?
Did you fall in love with me when you saw me?
I don't love Jhuma, it's a misunderstanding.
I love you
Stop it. Just listen to what I say.
I will not leave you until you accept.
It's too hot.
Happy birthday
To put it bluntly,
- No one in the house?
- No one.
Happy birthday
Let me tell you in advance.
I could have entered through the door with a calling bell without coming through the window with so much difficulty.
You gave it to me as a gift on your birthday.
Give you a present for my birthday
I can handle it without any difficulty.
- So where are we going?
- You don't have to go anywhere.
We will stay in this house.
Let's have breakfast and talk.
I'll have lunch then talk,
- Dinner ...
- and talk, right?
After all, nothing?
Do nothing but talk.
If there is more than that, I will kill.
- Cuddle.
- I'll kill you.
- I'll hug you.
- Cuddle.
- I'll kill you.
- I'll hug you.
I'll kill you.
What are these?
I love your sneer,
I love your smile
I love your shame.
I love your pride
Hey! If I talk to Telugu people in Telugu,
Then they will hide many of them from us,
I don't enjoy listening,
And the journey will be dust, moreover they will be silent, I will also be silent.
Hey, some Telugu is coming I'm going to handle them,
I'll call you later, goodbye.
Hi! Are you Jhuma?
- I'm Jhuma,
- Come on, come on, madam.
- Name?
- Sanjay Leela Bhansali.
- What?
Anything else left?
I do not understand Telugu.
Oh, then he doesn't understand what we're talking about in front of him.
- You say you don't know Telugu?
- This song is from Sir Hindi Blockbuster.
- Ah
- Hindi
- I forgot all the blockbusters in Hindi movies.
- Yes.
- Play a song.
- I'm doing.
Telugu song?
You don't know! So what are these?
Here is a South song, all the rest is Hindi.
Do you understand what i said
Joke. don't panick.
I'm very hungry. I can't handle it anymore.
All right, madam.
Do you understand
Madame wants to see a movie ... a movie ... a movie.
Hey!
- For this meal, food, restaurant.
-Ah, food!
Food, food, food.
- It's very difficult to stay with it.
- Me too.
- Bhansali?
- Sir,
- Did you say anything?
- No, sir.
- Come on
- Going, going.
The bull.
Nice to meet you, my name is Bhansali.
Bring the juice.
- For me too
- What juice?
I like pineapple very much.
Two pineapple juices.
Bring a mango juice, not pineapple.
Ok ma'am.
Thank you.
Welcome  ir.
The juice is very good.
Such juices are also available in our juice shops.
Yes, I forgot, were you intoxicated?
You study at KGP College, don't you?
Hey, Kiran was in the same college, right?
Did the two of you meet before?
That's why I thought I saw it somewhere.
I never saw you
Didn't see.
What is his name?
You just say his name, he can't be left like that.
In fact, someone in your college has squandered her life.
I don't know what he did,
Kiran's life was disturbed because of him.
You know she was so sweet and happy?
Who hurt Kiran?
Idiot, rogue, rascal.
Why is he overdoing it?
Can you name him?
Aditya must know him.
Don't leave her, name him ...
Don't take him so lightly.
No, he will suffer the consequences.
What happened?
Do you still love him?
- You still love him??
-  Is that why you can't say the name?
- Can you tell?
Jhuma please don't irritate me.
Forget about him.
I'm very angry, I would have killed him if I had found him.
I said time will tell him, but you told him everything?
- Why did you leave clues?
- What would I say then?
Why did you talk about KGP College?
I have already told him that I am studying in KGP College.
Now if I tell him it's another college he'll suspect me.
What is the world coming to?
- Take the call.
- No need.
What do you see there he does not understand Telugu. Right?
I ate a lot.
He is talking about food.
Hey!
- Jhuma is here,
- Come on, everyone.
Bill?
- I paid.
- Did you pay? Come on.
- Come on.
- You go.
- Bhansali??
- Sir.
- Did you say anything?
- No, sir.
- Can we go?
- Come on.
Son of a gun.
Zia Gawar, come on.
Don't worry, you will be nominated.
You know how much I need the job.
Must be nominated anyway.
Calm down, calm down.
Kiran, you don't need this job.
- What?
However, if you do not go to the vegetable market and buy vegetables, the shopkeeper will talk less.
That's it.
This job is less than you deserve.
You have the time and the opportunity.
That's why I was saying on the street that ...
Let's go see the movie.
If you like them, they like the question
And if they like you too,
Then you will say yes.
If other companies are late in answering.
This opportunity will give this company.
If it matches the feedback you need.
That way you will be ready for an interview.
- wow.
- Please come,
- Good luck.
- Thanks.
What happened?
I said yes.
Congratulations.
Brother, take out the bags.
Won't you thank Aditya?
Thank you Aditya. You gave me the confidence to handle it.
I gave a motiviational speech like an American
and I get a cheap thank you?
So what do you want
I want a party.
I'll stay here for the night and have fun.
Ok, fine.
Great, very good.
- Party!
- Sir?
- Eh?
Sir my room?
How do I tell him that?
You and I are locked in the same room.
In the same room?
I am very happy today.
Because you have two women to enjoy.
- Bhansali??
- Sir!
- Did you say anything?
- No.
Sir.
What are you doing, sir? I don't swing that way sir.
Good night, Bhansali.
Good night?
How can I sleep without knowing what is happening here?
My Hindi, your Telugu, I ...
Inside this room ...
Hi!
By mistake, the room has changed.
- No problem, good night!
- Good night, madam.
That means the girl has been inside for so long,
Now the two of them are together,
And the devil alone,
Oh my.
Hello!
This girl was inside, that girl was outside ..
Now that girl is inside, this girl is outside ...
But whoever was inside was with him.
If I go back, I will know.
What's going on inside ...
I have to go back now.
All right, the girl is here ...
Then there's the TV ....
Where is he?
I'm always behind you
Where are you
It sounded like a coconut falling.
Brother, I don't know how to swim,
Lift me up
I don't know how to swim,
- Bhansali??
- Sir!
- Did you say anything?
- No.
You ... you don't know Telugu ... don't you know?
I don't know much, boss.
What's going on here
I came here knowing this.
I've been waiting since morning,
Your love story is like a Chinese movie,
Where there are no subtitles.
Sir, I don't understand a thing,
- Now you want to hear my love story?
- Please ...
- Follow me.
- All right.
Your statements are painful.
Where is the love?
Love is not a taste.
Chutney,
Hey!
- Where did they go?
- I don't know Telugu.
Ah, you don't know Telugu?
- Sorry I forgot.
- Have you seen them?
Did you give Dhuka before or are you giving now? #
You have no sense.
So from there two you take four.
What's happening over there?
Why are you hanging out here?
Go to the classroom and wait for me.
Aditya ... Aditya ... this!
There is a temple there, we will stay there for 2 minutes.
I'll get something for you.
Sari always makes you look very beautiful.
This sari is not for me? I know
My marriage is fixed.
He is now in Mumbai,
That's why I looked for a job here.
Anyway, thanks, I got the job due to you.
Let's go guys.
Does anyone want to eat it?
Yes or no? Well, let's go.
She's lying to me that her marriage is fixed.
How could he remain silent for so long?
Why is this happening?
I'm going crazy thinking.
Yes, I can see.
Hello!
Who is this?
Hey!
You guys.
Yes boss, you recognized us.
Boss, we've learned the dialogues, how are you?
Apardath gives all the calls, but will not call.
Didn't I say? Call again ...
Sir, sir, I, what happened? It's me.
Oh you
Ok, tell me.
Sir, now that I have left Madame Kiran,
She is at the station now.
- Now you see,
- Well, you'll get your 5,000.
Come on, come on.
He is leaving without telling me.
- You go.
- All right, all right.
Please sir, the train will depart.
There are more trains here, why are you in such a hurry?
Come on, sit down.
Aditya, Aditya!
Aditya ...
You're sitting here and I'm looking for you all over the station.
Get on the train.
That's why I say, why would you call my name?
Thanks Grandpa.
If you didn't do that, she probably wouldn't talk.
Are you Krishna? Who will take him?
I don't usually fight with people here,
but I'll make a exception for you guys.
What?
- Hey, you stay,
Beat? Come on ...
Stupid boy
Who else wants to get hit?
Grab this bag.
What's going on The clothes in the bag will fall off.
Hold on well.
Chinna, give Madam a hot cup of tea.
All right, sir.
You drink tea slowly.
It'll take some time.
We made a mistake sir, forgive us.
Hit him sir, sorry uncle.
What is this? I thought we were friends. Who does this?
Who did I hand the bag to?
Who?
Hey.
Come here, come here.
- Ah, where are you going?
- Sir, going home with family.
Going with my bag to your house?
Sir, sir the train is leaving.
- The train is leaving, so what?
- Sir, that girl is leaving on the train.
You couldn't say that sooner?
Oops!
This monster,
I don't mean you, phone.
I never thought you were so selfish.
Hi, my name is Sashi, what's your name?
What do you want? What do you want?
He says on the phone, you say.
I know your name will be as beautiful as you look.
I think your day is bad today.
Tell me, won't you?
My name is Kiran.
Great name, a beautiful name.
Hearing your name sounds like a song to me.
Very good.
Hey!
Listen to the phone, then talk.
Do whatever you want.
I turned around a lot.
I even got into fights with thugs but got no response,
When you sing and talk, and you think it's set?
Has anyone asked your name?
Auntie,  there may be some violence would you mind shifting seats?
No, I'm fine son.
You are very helpful, I like it.
I feel like a song when I'm beating you.
What song?
Finish the song.
- Give me a ticket?
- Tickets?
This is my ticket.
- Sit in my seat, okay?
- All right.
Go sit there.
Sir, is this a platform ticket?
- I remember another song.
- I'm leaving, sir.
What are you doing aunty, playing candy crush?
- Kiran?
- Hmm.
Ah, Candy Crush? Sorry aunt
Kiran.
Get up. Our village has arrived.
Come on.
Sent car? Or take a taxi?
Do you consider yourself my husband?
Give me the bag, aren't you ashamed?
Why are you still following me?
I thought it was my luck that you came into my life,
But look ...
That was wrong.
I lost when you came I was blocked for love.
You showed me a world of love.
I said, I want nothing more than you.
But when you leave me, you don't want me anymore.
Do you know why I was looking for you then?
What happened?
Someone hit him with a car.
Now he has been taken to hospital.
Where is room number eight'?
Madam, that way.
Car, car? Look what happened now.
Look what happened now.
What would happen if the car? Baby, that's fine, that's a lot.
Yes, that's it ....
Do you know how your son got into this accident?
Lost love
She's not your girlfriend, just a friend.
Besides, everyone is here,
What happened to her?
It's not his fault,
And he's sad.
I didn't tell him.
Then I realized that I had misunderstood Kasi.
I came to the college to apologize.
But you didn't let me tell you.
Don't worry, I'm not here to apologize.
Goodbye forever.
What else is there in my life?
I saw that day if you could break my heart,
When I hit my arm, I thought he might hit me too.
I've decided I don't want you anymore.
I'm going away, you're going away too
Then you will not be able to see or hear.
Goodbye.
I forgot what I came to say.
Too bad.
I was so sad that he left me without turning around.
You're gone, but where am I going?
I studied here for two years.
Are you back now?
And you say love again?
Do you want to kill me now?
Why do you come and go as you please?
Do I have any rights?
I'm sorry, Kiran.
I hurt you a lot.
Wondering if I could forget you.
But now I realize how big of a mistake I have made.
Forgive me this time.
I really love you
I hate you Go to hell
When you tell me to hate, it sounds like love to me.
Do you know why? Because I still love you.
I love you more than you love me
And the tears in your eyes?
You can hide your anger from anyone,
But can't love,
Because it can be felt.
Just give me a chance,
I will erase all the past.
Let's start our love anew, let's go.
Hi, Hemant.
What are you doing here
I left a little early, because I had no patience until my wedding day.
Aditya, this is Hemant, my fiance.
Hello!
Hemant, he is Aditya,
Jhuma's future husband.
Ah, you are Aditya! We've become brothers.
Jhuma Yekina offered me this,
But I like Kiran now.
And you like Jhuma.
Were you two on the same train?
Yes, in an accident.
Ah, very good, you stay, see you later.
- I got in the car.
- All right.
See you later.
There are two more days to change the ring,
We got married a month later.
So, love again is impossible.
Do you understand what you are doing
You can fool yourself, not me.
I can't be stupid
Will you betray yourself and lie?
Who are you doing this for?
If you accept him,
Your life, my life, everyone's life will be destroyed.
If you're angry, kill me.
But accept my love.
I love you, whether you like it or not.
I still love you today
Will always love
Yes, say,
Jhuma and Jhuma's parents are here,
Feel free to visit your family,
Why?
Talk about marriage.
When you bring her up, do you think I'm going to get married?
Not just Jhuma here, I won't do it to anyone, even if I die.
Tell him the truth now,
Or should I say?
Why did you come here?
Jhuma!
Jhuma, I just told my love story,
Didn't tell the truth,
The girl I fell in love with is nobody else ...
Simply put,
I still love Kiran.
So what happened to me so far?
I was trying to say,
You didn't ask,
You were happy to forget your past,
I thought you would be sad to hear that.
Have you thought for a moment about what you are saying?
I have come to Mumbai for you.
I thought he came for me.
But you two used me.
You are sitting behind me telling a love story?
Love story? Do you understand
A love is when two people love each other.
It's not called love, if one loves,
She loves me too.
Thanks.
I thought you would leave when you heard about my marriage.
When you're married and I'll let you go ...
You said you were always happy with your boyfriend,
And now you are giving him?
How cheap did you think I was?
Are you happy now
What else do you want?
It's easy for you to love girls and it's easy to give up.
See how much we are suffering because of you.
Are you suffering alone?
I was just in love.
Don't you know how much I've suffered for you?
I thought you would come back and love me.
I was able to understand that there is no love in your mind.
I'm going too far.
I have love there too.
If you still think I'm following you,
I was wrong to leave you,
But you know it's not wrong.
Luckily, I made a mistake before, but now I have another mistake,
It is also wrong to try those who make mistakes first.
It's been a long time.
A lot
I apologize for my mistake, Jhuma.
I'm sorry, if you can forgive me.
I made a mistake, but I did not deceive anyone.
I did this to let you know how much I love you.
She wants to get away from me.
I'm really sorry.
You can punish me, I'll take it head on.
I'm leaving, goodbye.
I will never return to your life.
What are you waiting for go get married.
Get lost.
Although you are asked to do so,
Where is your identity
You are my life ...!
Life ...!
Like two shadows in a single path,
Will your memories not last with me ...!
Don't forget my soul ...!
My soul ...!
What if?
Not really that way, but
I'll live in your dreams ...!
Make a living ...!
Without reason, don't hold my breath ...!
Don't try to hide my love ...!
Are you angry with me
Make a living ...!
Kiran.
Sorry aunty
I want to talk to you, come on.
I forgave Aditya,
You can't?
Don't talk about it.
Well, okay forget that to him.
Are you happy with this marriage?
Think for a moment.
What you did that day, you are still doing today.
He did not give me this letter.
He wrote it for you.
Excluding these, read it and then do whatever you want.
- What are you doing here? It's time.
- coming.
The day I saw you,
That day I was born again.
Because from then on, I started to think,
There was nothing special in my life before you came.
Ever since you came, every moment of my day has seemed fascinating.
But now I want to walk holding your hand.
Every day I will try to keep you happy from every moment to the last.
I will give you strength from behind,
I will carry you from the front and take you through the problem.
I will take care of you like my mother,
I don't know how much you have to win in life to get it,
But I can go any distance for you.
I will cross any sea,
I can climb any sky,
Because you are my life.
I can't imagine a moment without you.
You are my life, and this life is in my hands now.
Do what your adults think is best.
Yours, Aditya.
Why are you calling here?
Listen, Hemant,
Today's my marriage with Kiran
You say ...
I can't marry you, Hemant.
I'm very sorry
It was good joke, get ready, go.
It's not a joke Hemant.
Really ...
I love Aditya.
I can't marry anyone else.
Hey ... Aditya?
You want to trust him,
How do you trust her when she says it's her boyfriend?
Let's go.
Trust me for a moment.
But you don't have that much time,
Will you believe me soon, please?
You don't love your boyfriend
No Himant, I really loved her boyfriend.
They have loved each other for 4 years.
You already know everything?
No, I knew that a little while ago.
I do not understand anything.
What's going on How did it go so far?
Because ...
It happened.
Sir, the priest is calling.
Who told you to call the priest? Go
He agreed,
- Okay?
Well, Himant
- Himant
- Hmm.
He needs to get out of here quickly,
It would be nice if someone could go with him.
Would you drop her off?
Let's hurry.
Go left.
Today is Eid, tell me where to go?
At Aditya's house,
What makes you so good, Hemant?
You know that your future wife loves someone,
Yet you are making them one, very good.
You have lost Aditya by your side.
Be quiet, I can't hear anything.
- All right.
- Please be quiet.
- Hello!
Kasi, I am Kiran
Where is Aditya? I can't communicate with him.
Are you calling Aditya?
Yes, where is Aditya?
Ah, he's going to Goya today.
Why are you going to Goya?
Turn the car around and go to the station.
He's going to leave me and go to the beach to have fun?
No Kiran, he's going to the mountains.
Now there is no time to say so much, and the train will leave in an hour.
What time is it now?
Go faster, faster.
Grandpa,
Give me a CD of Vyalzar.
Fourteen ways to mend broken hearts,
That's a lot for me.
I'll take this this book too.
Where did they go?
Take this.
- Thanks, Hemant.
Please, give me your bike, I really need it.
Take away.
- Thank you.
Wherever you go you will hear the girl.
Maya everything, don't pay attention to these.
Aditya!
Wherever you go, it seems that he is following you.
This is a delusion, don't get confused.
Aditya!
Correct.
I can hear you, I love you.
I love you
Wow, this is a very good book.
Our Vijendra Prasad writes well!
Calm your mind.
Mind.
I will close the window.
Watch my stuff, I'll be back.
Are you really here
What do you mean? Are you crazy?
I'm having a difficult time because of you and you want to leave?
Why are you here
I love you
Damn it. Go to hell
Hey! Hey! My train.
Hey! Hey! Here ...
Stop.
Stop, stop.
It left.
Yalazar CDT also went.
I also lost my book.
I also lost my bag, all my clothes.
It's all because of you.
Are you angry? It doesn't suit you.
So will this black color match pink?
You are not normal, you are making me like before.
And I readily accepted you for the second time.
Uh! What did you say? Easy ...
Whatever you think .. ..
Anyway, at least I didn't go down without explaining myself first.
I thought,
As long as you agree, I'll stay,
And if that doesn't happen, it's still a way to get more involved.
Like Laila-Majnu.
Do it if you like.
Please.
What does it mean to hold a teacher like this?
Well, sir.
Give me a chance?
What opportunities?
Wipe all our old past from your head,
Let's start all over again.
You have learned well.
Everything is learned from you.
You can say that correctly, but time
There are a lot of people here, don't try to do any of these.
Give it to me.
- I'll kill you
- Give it.
I'll kill you.
- Kill me.
I'll give it to you.
Now they have to call! Today they are over.
- Hello!
- Hello Aditya.
Ah, sir.
I was thinking about you sir.
Are you hanging out with that girl without a shot?
Did the girl say that?
Sir, it's nice to say that there was a happy ending in the end.
Very good, congratulations.
Thank you sir, you must come to our wedding sir.
Yes, of course I will. Because this marriage is very important.
Bahubali 3 has been planned,
Now that is possible only after your marriage.
Sir, please don't drag it with it.
Only my love landed.
It won't take as long as before.
It may end in 3-4 years.
Sir, sir, please. If I have two children,
Then one has to name the beginning,
The name of the other is the conclusion.
- Sir, leave it for this time.
- But ...
I think you are going to be promoted from assistant director.
Sir, sir, sir there is no network here, hello!
Good luck.
Thank you sir, well sir, goodbye.
Now the signal seems strong.
All this gold?
Yes.
I didn't know you were so rich.
Well, how much will you pay as dowry?
How much do you want?
I would like two kids.
If all three are a problem,
Because you are rich.